Update README.md (#34)
Readme-Workflows/recent-activity: README.md

This GitHub Action is a Fork of the original [GitHub Activity Readme](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme) Action by [jamesgeorge007](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007).  
Its our goal is to improve the original GitHub Action while also providing new features for the users.

## Preview

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11576465/117540853-75125380-b011-11eb-8368-f473a575333b.png)

## Features

The core feature of this GitHub Action is to update your _Profile README_ file, or any _Markdown file_, with the latest activities you made on GitHub.  
Current activities include:

- **Issues** (Opening, closing and commenting)
- **Pull requests** (Opening, closing and merging)

Some other activities can't be displayed since they aren't parts of what GitHub's API returns as public events.

You can [request a feature](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/issues/new?template=feature_request.md) if you want to add some other events like:

1. CreateEvent
2. ForkEvent
3. ReleaseEvent
4. DeleteEvent

> 5. PullRequestReviewEvent

Reviewer: We already have PR event. And we are in process of adding others except the delete event as I don't think it should be added.
So, in my opinion, there is no need of this list.

Author: We don't have PullRequestReviewEvent, but if you wish I can delete
I just thought that I will give some examples to users of events that we didn't yet add.

Reviewer: We will add the events after we complete the work of adding date.
But I still think there's no need of list.

Author: Just waiting for @Andre601 to say his option

Reviewer 2: I feel like we could keep the PR review event here, since it may be useful.
DeleteEvent on the other hand seems not that interesting, but it's up to you to decide.

Author: @abhijoshi2k Plz say your decision.
@Andre601 Has said his opinion.

Reviewer: I'm already adding PR review event in next or next-to-next version. So let's remove the list altogether I'd say

Reviewer: @PuneetGopinath What's the final decision here? Are we keeping the list or not?

Author: I asked you the final decision!

Author: We are not keeping as you said.

## Examples

A list of examples can be found on the [Wiki](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/wiki/Examples)

## Community

Get updates on Recent Activity's development and chat with the Recent Activity maintainers and community members.

> Plz see [SUPPORT.md](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/blob/main/.github/SUPPORT.md) file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please see the [SUPPORT.md](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/blob/main/.github/SUPPORT.md) file for links.
```

## Supporters

👏 Thank you very much !

> You have proved that IRCbot has some value !!

Reviewer 2: What does that even mean?
Also, spaces before exclamation marks are pointless and look bad

### Stargazers

[![Stargazers for @Readme-Workflows/recent-activity](https://reporoster.com/stars/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/PuneetGopinath/IRCbot/stargazers)

### Forks

[![Forkers for @Readme-Workflows/recent-activity](https://reporoster.com/forks/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/PuneetGopinath/IRCbot/network/members)

### Contributors

> Thanks to all contributors again !!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to all contributors again!
```

## Examples

A list of examples can be found on the [Wiki](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/wiki/Examples)

## Community

Get updates on Recent Activity's development and chat with the Recent Activity maintainers and community members.

Please see the [SUPPORT.md](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/blob/main/.github/SUPPORT.md) file for links.

## Supporters

> 👏 Thank you very much!
> 
> You have proved that Recent Activity workflow has some value!!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
👏 A big thank you goes to all the supporters of this project!

You prove that the Recent-Activity Action has some value for you!
```

Author: Wow

### Stargazers

> [![Stargazers for @Readme-Workflows/recent-activity](https://reporoster.com/stars/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/stargazers)

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to change the style of the image to match the one under contributors? Just to keep a consistent styling.

Author: Didn't get you

Reviewer 2: Can the image be changed that it would look like the image in `Contributors`?

Like that it would look like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11576465/118358796-cfb32e80-b580-11eb-8d29-a915897dd817.png)

Reviewer 2: Just checked and there doesn't seem to be any form of customization here which is quite limiting.

Author: Nop sorry

## Examples

A list of examples can be found on the [Wiki](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/wiki/Examples)

## Community

Get updates on Recent Activity's development and chat with the Recent Activity maintainers and community members.

Please see the [SUPPORT.md](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/blob/main/.github/SUPPORT.md) file for links.

## Supporters

👏 Thank you very much!

You have proved that Recent Activity workflow has some value!!

### Stargazers

[![Stargazers for @Readme-Workflows/recent-activity](https://reporoster.com/stars/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/PuneetGopinath/IRCbot/stargazers)

### Forks

[![Forkers for @Readme-Workflows/recent-activity](https://reporoster.com/forks/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/PuneetGopinath/IRCbot/network/members)

### Contributors

Thanks to all contributors again!

> [![GitHub Contributors Image](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Readme-Workflows/recent-activity)](https://github.com/PuneetGopinath/IRCbot/contributors)

Reviewer 2: Already pointed out on Discord that it is pointless to display who has forked the repo. This is no useful information for people who want to use this GitHub Action for themself.

The most useful info a user would want here is how to setup this action, how and where to get support and upcoming features and bug fixes.
Knowing who forked or starred a repo is not useful, as this info is already available on the repo itself and stuff like stars is already displayed on the Marketplace.

Author: This is not forks this is contributions

## Roadmap

> Visit [project #1](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/projects/1) for the roadmap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit [our Roadmap](https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/projects/1) for planned and upcoming features.
```
